to Gaza now where overnight strikes by
the Israeli Army have killed at least 15
Palestinians a strike on a home in the
town of alua in central Gaza killed a
young girl and injured more than 10
people they were taken to the nearby
alaxa hospital in De albala Israel's
Onslaught on Gaza has killed more than
40,600 Palestinians since October most
of them women and
children the world food program is
suspending the movement of its employ
employes after the Israeli military
targeted one of its vehicles on Tuesday
night it happened near an Israeli
checkpoint shortly after staff had
escorted trucks carrying humanitarian
supplies from the Karam Abu Salam border
crossing the vehicle was hit at least 10
times no one was injured the wfp says it
was targeted despite coordinating its
movements with the Israeli
military let's go to Han Mahmud he joins
us from darala in central Gaza Han so
bring us up to date with the latest this
morning yes Mel well we have a
confirmation now that in fact it were
actually two girls who were killed in
overnight attacks one in a Za the area
in particular residential building
that's a 9-year-old girl and the other
one from AI family in western part of
Dar B City and they were killed as a
result of the attacks and the fly in a
shrap now these are little pieces of as
as the explosion take place or the bombs
explode they fly into multiple
directions at the high speed and they
were hit directly in their heads that
that caused their death right away these
are from the overnight attacks in both
and zaa area that's at at the entrance
of D B City and the other one in the
western part of City on separate attacks
the Israeli military continue to put
Palestinian civilians uh and exposed him
to deadly environment and environment
that is incorporating the ongoing
violence the blood shedding and the the
unpredictable falling bombs with are in
Gaza City at the western part an area
better known as Al AML Hotel area and a
neighor neighboring home that were
destroyed by uh by Israeli air strikes
that caused the whole facility to catch
fire there is a footage that we looked
at and we could clearly hear people
inside these the building the hotel and
the neighboring residential home is
screaming for help while the fire is
Raging inside uh the uh the buildings
itself and the attack happened without
prior warning what soever and this what
has been concerning for the past month
or so the Israeli most of the Israeli
attacks whether by artillery or air
attacks they are taking place without
any prior warning whatsoever leading to
further civilian casualties as well as
the sheer level of Devastation and
destruction that is quite visible right
now and we can just from touring briefly
in parts of the central areas of
yesterday and when we reported from all
the hospital you can clearly see the
trails of Destruction caused by the
intense bombing campaign whether due to
the recurrent ground incursion or by
air many thanks for that hany Mahmud
there for us in deala in central
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from
alzer